Update readme, merge release and prerelease (#25)
ITK-Leantime/leantime-omnisearch: README.md

Install the plugin through Leantime in your web browser.

> The install process symlinks the the build file ` dist/omniSearch.js ` with `public/dist/js/omniSearch.js`in leantime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The install process symlinks the built file `dist/omniSearch.js` with `public/dist/js/omniSearch.js`in leantime.
```

> The install process symlinks the the build file ` dist/omniSearch.js ` with `public/dist/js/omniSearch.js`in leantime.

Reviewer: Doesn't the built file contain a version number? If so, 

```suggestion
The install process symlinks built files in `dist/` in Leantime's `public/dist/js/` folder.
```
